Add developer guide for building model evaluation plugins (#5333)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/plugins.rst

       2) The ``run_local`` and ``target_help`` functions, with the ``target`` parameter excluded, as shown
       `here <https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/blob/master/mlflow/deployments/base.py>`_
     - `PluginDeploymentClient <https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/blob/master/tests/resources/mlflow-test-plugin/mlflow_test_plugin/fake_deployment_plugin.py>`_.

>    * - Plugins for custom mlflow evaluator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Plugins for :ref:`MLflow Model Evaluation <model-evaluation>`
```

     - mlflow.model_evaluator
     - The entry point name (e.g. ``dummy_evaluator``) is the evaluator name which is used in the ``evaluators`` argument of the ``mlflow.evaluate`` API.

>        The entry point value (e.g. ``dummy_evaluator:DummyEvaluator``) specify a class which is subclass of ``mlflow.models.evaluation.ModelEvaluator``,
>        the subclass must implement 2 methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The entry point value (e.g. ``dummy_evaluator:DummyEvaluator``) specify a class which is subclass of ``mlflow.models.evaluation.ModelEvaluator``,
       the subclass must implement 2 methods:
```
```suggestion
       The entry point value (e.g. ``dummy_evaluator:DummyEvaluator``) must refer to a subclass of ``mlflow.models.evaluation.ModelEvaluator``,
       the subclass must implement 2 methods:
```

>        1) Implement ``can_evaluate`` method: The method accept keyword-only arguments of ``model_type`` and ``evaluator_config``,
>        return True if the evaluator can evaluate the specified model type with specified evaluator config. False otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1) ``can_evaluate``: Accepts the keyword-only arguments ``model_type`` and ``evaluator_config``.
       Returns ``True`` if the evaluator can evaluate the specified model type with the specified evaluator config. Returns ``False`` otherwise.
```

>        2) Implement ``evaluate`` method: In the method implementation, it should log metrics and artifacts, and return evaluation results as an instance
>        of ``mlflow.models.EvaluationResult``. It accepts arguments of ``model`` (a pyfunc model instance.),
>        ``model_type`` (the same with ``model_type`` argument in ``mlflow.evaluate`` API),
>        ``dataset`` (an instance of `mlflow.models.evaluation.base._EvaluationDataset` containing features and labels (optional) for model evaluation,
>        ``run_id`` (the ID of the MLflow Run to which to log results), ``evaluator_config`` (a dictionary of additional configurations for the evaluator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       2) ``evaluate``: Computes and logs metrics and artifacts, returning evaluation results as an instance
       of ``mlflow.models.EvaluationResult``. Accepts the following arguments: ``model`` (a pyfunc model instance),
       ``model_type`` (identical to the ``model_type`` argument from :py:func:`mlflow.evaluate()`),
       ``dataset`` (an instance of ``mlflow.models.evaluation.base._EvaluationDataset`` containing features and labels (optional) for model evaluation),
       ``run_id`` (the ID of the MLflow Run to which to log results), and ``evaluator_config`` (a dictionary of additional configurations for the evaluator).
```
